did a bit of shopping a day got some
stuff at Toys R Us and a bunch of things
at Walmart let me pull these out and
show you guys what I got check it out
Power Rangers Samurai Squinkies I've
been excited about these I believe it
was my buddy incredible Dion that let me
know about these I haven't gotten any of
the WWE ones yet but I had to go out and
get these Power Rangers Samurai ones and
it's cool that they come in these full
sets right here in that guy series 1 and
series 3 I'll pass on series 2 for now
cuz Syrians to is mainly night locks and
the Rangers in their mega mode I really
want this series 1 and series 3 the most
Ares one has all the Rangers and their
regular mode and series 3 has Rangers
and their training gear really excited
about these you know love me some
Squinkies
I can show you guys an update on my
Squinkies collection when these days
I've got a ton yep finally got some new
halo mega bloks got that UNSC spade
versus skirmisher set how freaking
awesome is that skirmisher figure that
is just too freakin cool
there's a new marine and George deck is
just too damn awesome at Walmart I got a
bunch of non toy stuff that I needed
more storage bags and all the sizes
snack sandwich court and gallon be
needing a new wall charger for my phone
for some of you who I texted with on a
regular basis you probably didn't know
my wall charger was busted sometimes I'd
be without my phone because I leave it
out in my truck for like a couple hours
to charge but now I finally got a new
charger got some more rechargeable
batteries if you use devices or you know
any kind of electronics they use you
know regular batteries double a triple
A's C's DS etc highly recommend
rechargeables you're using regular not
rechargeable batteries are wasting a ton
of money you spend like 10 bucks on the
pack you know or however many you need
and these things last for a long time
got some wear my shave gel and some of
my favorite thing to bring up movie day
when we when we get popcorn at the
theater on Tuesdays it's this nacho
cheddar powder cheese powder that put on
the popcorn it is so good and last but
not least I've got this ice shade with
earplugs app for my fiancee she works
graveyard shift
and so she sleeps during the day and
it's hard for her to sleep during the
day with all the light and the no haze a
lots of noise so I've been wanting to
get this for her hopefully this will
help her out well that's my haul for
today
turn the cracks and toys over